---
title: Day 1 - Where's Bit?
date: 2022-08-07
categories: [IOI 2022]
tags: [CP, Travel]
mermaid: true
---

*Points to mention on this day*
- Changi Airport
- Looking for other teams
- Losing Bit
- Selamat Pagi
- A Diplomatic Mission

The sunrise was running a little late I thought as we touched ground in Singapore at 6AM on a Sunday morning. After years of binging _Airport Wars_ I couldn't be happier to experience Changi and it's overindulgent splendor. 

## Changi Airport :)

Skytrains, The Jewel, Gardens, Massive Flight Schedules, Thee Food Court - All wonderful things that helped justify why they call Changi a destination in an of itself. We had about 3 hours to burn before the Jakarta flight, this meant walking through as much of the airport as possible. Emmanuel and I knew about the Jewel or "The Egg" as it will now be referred to as. So we began the long stroll from Terminal 3 To Terminal 1. Our mouths were watering as we zipped past little kiosks for food from all over Asia. We swore that we were right next to what should be the jewel. Surely, this massive marketing stunt would have better directions right??? 

That's where it clicked, the Jewel wasn't just a terminal attraction, it was also a public attraction. We would need to pass immigration - which is suprisingly free for an Ethiopian passport! - to gain access. We turned back in despair because it would just take too long; so with a little more time on our hands, I took in the setting a little more attentively. I've never that much genetic variation anywhere ever! Singapore literally flies to major land mass except the poles, A CITY-STATE FOR CRYING OUT LOUD! 

The Sun began to rise and we made our way to the food district, picked up some chinese food as the airport become noticeably more busy. 

### Losing Bit

We knew all too well the kind of fatigue that would hit after we got some food in our stomachs. As we grew all the more sluggish, we thought it would be best to head to our gate back at T3. The skytrain peered into our soul and sucked us in like a Discord Nitro phishing attempt. The sun began to rise in Singapore and we were met with a densely vegetated oasis and the _2030 Egg_ in all it's glory! 

While waiting to pass security at our gate; the familiar warmth of - our long-serving mascot - Bit was absent. Now I do not want to proport any blame in Bit Lore but mistakes were made and we wondered if we would ever see Bit the Python again. Taariq made a last ditch effort to rescue bit from the void that is Changi, however, this proved unsuccessful. 

Out of all the places that Bit could get lost, Singapore definitely isn't the worst - all the optimization problems must've rubbed off on him. 

<!--INSERT IMAGE OF BIT IN HIS LAST MOMENTS-->

### Bumping into other teams

To confirm whether or not a group was an IOI team, it involved 3 steps: 

1. Were they a group of 4 relatively young people (mostly male, it is what it is)
2. Would you bet that they all come from the same country
3. Do they respond after you shout 'orz'

The first familiar face was errorgorn, which meant we just bumped into the Singaporeans, and another party of 1 that I can't recall
right now. The Team Leaders lead the introduction though so that wasn't a great sign of what interactions for the rest of 
the week would look like. We didn't expect much though, since many of the other teams were flying from Qatar or from wherever else, directly to Jakarta.

## Selamat Pagi

### ke mana? 

While waiting for boarding, Benjamin brought out his drawing pad to play OSU (this was not an isolated incident) The IOI Discord started to heat up, with most teams already well into their journey. We would take this short flight to Jakarta with the party we met earlier and the humble Norwegians.

I had a window seat on the A350 and I was determined to witness the scattered cargo ships surrounding singapore. I should've expected that the taxi out to the runway would take a while, unfortunately longer than my will to stay awake could resist. A plane takes off from Changi every 40 seconds...WILD! At some point during flight prep, I passed out majestically - I had been awake for 24 hours - and only woke up thousands of feet in the air. I've been ***tired*** before but never did I think I could sleep through a launch procedure. 

Luckily though, I woke up with enough time to catch a glimpse of the coastline.


